Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!

I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.

Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.

Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.

Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.

Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.

Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.

Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.

If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.

I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.

If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.

I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?

Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!

There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.

Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.

If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.

Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.

I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?

Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.

I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.

Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.

I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.

My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?

Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?

Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.

I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.

Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.

Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.

You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?

I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by YOU.

